at that time Abijah the son of Jeroboam
at that time Abijah the son of Jeroboam became sick and Jeroboam said to his
became sick and Jeroboam said to his
became sick and Jeroboam said to his wife please arise in disguise yourself
wife please arise in disguise yourself
wife please arise in disguise yourself that they may not recognize you as the
that they may not recognize you as the
that they may not recognize you as the wife of Jeroboam and go to Shiloh indeed
wife of Jeroboam and go to Shiloh indeed
wife of Jeroboam and go to Shiloh indeed a high of the Prophet is there who told
a high of the Prophet is there who told
a high of the Prophet is there who told me that I would be king over this people
me that I would be king over this people
me that I would be king over this people also take with you 10 loaves some cakes
also take with you 10 loaves some cakes
also take with you 10 loaves some cakes and a jar of honey and go to him he will
and a jar of honey and go to him he will
and a jar of honey and go to him he will tell you what will become of the child
and jeroboams wife did sir she arose and
and jeroboams wife did sir she arose and went to Shiloh and came to the house of
went to Shiloh and came to the house of
went to Shiloh and came to the house of a Hydra but a Hydra could not see for
a Hydra but a Hydra could not see for
a Hydra but a Hydra could not see for his eyes were glazed by reason of his
his eyes were glazed by reason of his
his eyes were glazed by reason of his age now the Lord had said to her hi Joan
age now the Lord had said to her hi Joan
age now the Lord had said to her hi Joan here is the wife of Jeroboam coming to
here is the wife of Jeroboam coming to
here is the wife of Jeroboam coming to ask you something about her son for he
ask you something about her son for he
ask you something about her son for he is sick thus and thus you shall say to
is sick thus and thus you shall say to
is sick thus and thus you shall say to him for it will be when she comes in but
him for it will be when she comes in but
him for it will be when she comes in but she will pretend to be unknown
she will pretend to be unknown
she will pretend to be unknown and so it was when a Hydra heard the
and so it was when a Hydra heard the
and so it was when a Hydra heard the sound of her footsteps as she came
sound of her footsteps as she came
sound of her footsteps as she came through the door he said come in wife of
through the door he said come in wife of
through the door he said come in wife of Jeroboam why can you pretend to be
Jeroboam why can you pretend to be
Jeroboam why can you pretend to be another person for I have been sent to
another person for I have been sent to
another person for I have been sent to you with bad news
you with bad news
you with bad news go tell tiara Bowen thus says the Lord
go tell tiara Bowen thus says the Lord
go tell tiara Bowen thus says the Lord God of Israel because I exalted you from
God of Israel because I exalted you from
God of Israel because I exalted you from among the people and made you ruler over
among the people and made you ruler over
among the people and made you ruler over my people Israel and tore the kingdom
my people Israel and tore the kingdom
my people Israel and tore the kingdom away from the house of David and gave it
away from the house of David and gave it
away from the house of David and gave it to you and yet you have not been as my
to you and yet you have not been as my
to you and yet you have not been as my servant David who kept my Commandments
servant David who kept my Commandments
servant David who kept my Commandments and who followed me with all his heart
and who followed me with all his heart
and who followed me with all his heart to do only what was right in my eyes but
to do only what was right in my eyes but
to do only what was right in my eyes but you have done more evil then all who
you have done more evil then all who
you have done more evil then all who were before you for you have gone and
were before you for you have gone and
were before you for you have gone and made for yourself other gods and molded
made for yourself other gods and molded
made for yourself other gods and molded images to provoke me to anger and have
images to provoke me to anger and have
images to provoke me to anger and have cast me behind your back
cast me behind your back
cast me behind your back therefore behold I will bring disaster
therefore behold I will bring disaster
therefore behold I will bring disaster on the house Jeroboam and will cut off
on the house Jeroboam and will cut off
on the house Jeroboam and will cut off from Jeroboam every male in Israel bond
from Jeroboam every male in Israel bond
from Jeroboam every male in Israel bond and free I will take away the remnant of
and free I will take away the remnant of
and free I will take away the remnant of the house of Jeroboam as one takes away
the house of Jeroboam as one takes away
the house of Jeroboam as one takes away refuse until it is all gone the dogs
refuse until it is all gone the dogs
refuse until it is all gone the dogs shall eat whoever belongs to Jeroboam
shall eat whoever belongs to Jeroboam
shall eat whoever belongs to Jeroboam and dies in the city and the birds of
and dies in the city and the birds of
and dies in the city and the birds of the air shall eat whoever dies in the
the air shall eat whoever dies in the
the air shall eat whoever dies in the field for the Lord has spoken arise
field for the Lord has spoken arise
field for the Lord has spoken arise therefore go to your own house when your
therefore go to your own house when your
therefore go to your own house when your feet enter the city their child shall
feet enter the city their child shall
feet enter the city their child shall die and all Israel shall mourn for him
die and all Israel shall mourn for him
die and all Israel shall mourn for him and bury him
and bury him
and bury him why he is the only one of Jeroboam who
why he is the only one of Jeroboam who
why he is the only one of Jeroboam who shall come to the grave because in him
shall come to the grave because in him
shall come to the grave because in him there is found something good toward the
there is found something good toward the
there is found something good toward the Lord God of Israel in the house of
Lord God of Israel in the house of
Lord God of Israel in the house of Jeroboam moreover the Lord will raise up
Jeroboam moreover the Lord will raise up
Jeroboam moreover the Lord will raise up for himself a king of Israel who shall
for himself a king of Israel who shall
for himself a king of Israel who shall cut off the house of Jeroboam this is
cut off the house of Jeroboam this is
cut off the house of Jeroboam this is the day what even now for the Lord will
the day what even now for the Lord will
the day what even now for the Lord will strike Israel as a reed is shaken in the
strike Israel as a reed is shaken in the
strike Israel as a reed is shaken in the water he will uproot Israel from this
water he will uproot Israel from this
water he will uproot Israel from this good land which he gave to their fathers
good land which he gave to their fathers
good land which he gave to their fathers and will scatter them beyond the river
and will scatter them beyond the river
and will scatter them beyond the river because they have made wooden images
because they have made wooden images
because they have made wooden images provoking the Lord to anger and he will
provoking the Lord to anger and he will
provoking the Lord to anger and he will give Israel up because of the sins of
give Israel up because of the sins of
give Israel up because of the sins of Jeroboam who sinned and who made Israel
Jeroboam who sinned and who made Israel
Jeroboam who sinned and who made Israel sin and jeroboams wife of rose and
sin and jeroboams wife of rose and
sin and jeroboams wife of rose and departed and came to tearsa
departed and came to tearsa
departed and came to tearsa when she came to the threshold of the
when she came to the threshold of the
when she came to the threshold of the house the child died
house the child died
house the child died and they buried him and all Israel mourn
and they buried him and all Israel mourn
and they buried him and all Israel mourn for him according to the word of the
for him according to the word of the
for him according to the word of the Lord which he spoke through his servant
Lord which he spoke through his servant
Lord which he spoke through his servant per Hydra the prophet
now the rest of the acts of jeroboam how
now the rest of the acts of jeroboam how he made war and how he rained indeed
he made war and how he rained indeed
he made war and how he rained indeed they are written in the book of The
they are written in the book of The
they are written in the book of The Chronicles of the kings of Israel the
Chronicles of the kings of Israel the
Chronicles of the kings of Israel the period that Jeroboam reigned was
period that Jeroboam reigned was
period that Jeroboam reigned was twenty-two years so he rested with his
twenty-two years so he rested with his
twenty-two years so he rested with his father's
then nae tap his son reigned in his
then nae tap his son reigned in his place and Rehoboam the son of Solomon
place and Rehoboam the son of Solomon
place and Rehoboam the son of Solomon reigned in Judah Rehoboam was 41 years
reigned in Judah Rehoboam was 41 years
reigned in Judah Rehoboam was 41 years old when he became king he reigned 17
old when he became king he reigned 17
old when he became king he reigned 17 years in Jerusalem the city which the
years in Jerusalem the city which the
years in Jerusalem the city which the Lord had chosen out of all the tribes of
Lord had chosen out of all the tribes of
Lord had chosen out of all the tribes of Israel to put his name there his
Israel to put his name there his
Israel to put his name there his mother's name was Nana an ammonite hiss
mother's name was Nana an ammonite hiss
mother's name was Nana an ammonite hiss now Judah did evil in the sight of the
now Judah did evil in the sight of the
now Judah did evil in the sight of the Lord and they provoked him to jealousy
Lord and they provoked him to jealousy
Lord and they provoked him to jealousy with their sins which they committed
with their sins which they committed
with their sins which they committed more than all that their fathers had
more than all that their fathers had
more than all that their fathers had done for they also built for themselves
done for they also built for themselves
done for they also built for themselves high places sacred pillars and wooden
high places sacred pillars and wooden
high places sacred pillars and wooden images on every high hill and under
images on every high hill and under
images on every high hill and under every green tree and there were also
every green tree and there were also
every green tree and there were also perverted persons in the land they did
perverted persons in the land they did
perverted persons in the land they did according to all the abominations of the
according to all the abominations of the
according to all the abominations of the nations which the Lord had cast out
nations which the Lord had cast out
nations which the Lord had cast out before the children of Israel it
before the children of Israel it
before the children of Israel it happened in the fifth year of King
happened in the fifth year of King
happened in the fifth year of King Rehoboam that Shishak king of Egypt came
Rehoboam that Shishak king of Egypt came
Rehoboam that Shishak king of Egypt came up against Jerusalem and he took away
up against Jerusalem and he took away
up against Jerusalem and he took away the treasures of the house of the Lord
the treasures of the house of the Lord
the treasures of the house of the Lord and the treasures of the Kings house he
and the treasures of the Kings house he
and the treasures of the Kings house he took away everything he also took away
took away everything he also took away
took away everything he also took away all the gold shields which Solomon had
all the gold shields which Solomon had
all the gold shields which Solomon had made then King Rehoboam
made then King Rehoboam
made then King Rehoboam made bronze shields in their place and
made bronze shields in their place and
made bronze shields in their place and committed them to the hands of the
committed them to the hands of the
committed them to the hands of the captains of the guard who guarded the
captains of the guard who guarded the
captains of the guard who guarded the doorway of the king's house and whenever
doorway of the king's house and whenever
doorway of the king's house and whenever the King entered the house of the Lord
the King entered the house of the Lord
the King entered the house of the Lord the guards carried them then brought
the guards carried them then brought
the guards carried them then brought them back into the garden now the rest
them back into the garden now the rest
them back into the garden now the rest of the acts re huh bones and all that he
of the acts re huh bones and all that he
of the acts re huh bones and all that he did are they not written in the book of
did are they not written in the book of
did are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah
the chronicles of the kings of Judah
the chronicles of the kings of Judah and there was war between Rehoboam and
and there was war between Rehoboam and
and there was war between Rehoboam and Jeroboam all their days so rehabbing
Jeroboam all their days so rehabbing
Jeroboam all their days so rehabbing rested with his father's and was buried
rested with his father's and was buried
rested with his father's and was buried with his father's in the City of David
with his father's in the City of David
with his father's in the City of David his mother's name was named an ammonite
his mother's name was named an ammonite
his mother's name was named an ammonite Asst then a Belgium his son reigned in
Asst then a Belgium his son reigned in
Asst then a Belgium his son reigned in his place
his place
his place [Music]
[Music]
[Music] you
you
you [Music]